---
layout: post
title: Hackathon 5.0
description: "Lakshya's 5th version of hackathon"
headline: "Eat sleep hack repeat"
categories: igDiary
tags:
  - hackathon
  - nitw
  - innovationGarage
  - lakshyaFoundation
image:
  feature: "website-speed.jpg"
comments: false
mathjax: null
featured: true
published: true
---
At Lakshya, we envision Hackathon to be a gathering of creative geeks with crazy set of ideas who are foolish and hungry enough to change the world. When we say, "Change the world" it is not just the mainstream, extreme connotations, which range from feeding ,helping the poor to coming up with the next disruptive idea trying of raise millions or billions of dollars. 

We are working at the epicentre, the crossroads of students life where he/she wants to achieve a personal success and also change the world. The general thinking goes like, I will slog like crazy with subjects I'm unable enjoy to land in a job which I have no clue to earn a imaginary sum of money using which I will plan to spend on a vacation in a place which has good reviews on travel sites with nice UI and "donate" the remaining money to 'social causes'  'if possible'. Then the conversation with students goes like this.

Student (S): `Stop this fancy philosophy !` Just let us know what we should we do?

Me (M): `Be patient. Be curious...!!!`

S: Then ?

M: Then what ? That's it?

S: But, I thought (or desperately expect) you will tell me what to do ?

M: My dear fellow lab rat, stop running the race. Stand still for a while. Observe the world around. Know stuff, try stuff, learn as you go and choose the ones which you like and pursue it.

S: Okay, how can I implement this understanding for the hackathon ?

M: Good question :-)

First of all kindly understand the intent of the hackathon. As mentioned above, you are at cross roads. Now, just take one path which is of least resistance. Here it means, a problem statement (in fact opportunity). Give a glance, pick one. Go through in detail and have this check list.

1. Are you interested ? (If not, choose other)
2. Do you have the team and expertise ? (In case no expertise, try to know how to gain. Believe us, you can)
3. Do you have a plan of action ? (If not, pl get in touch with the mentor)

S: Hmmm....So I should go out and explore then  !

M: Right ! :-)


